welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're gonna floss our
way through an island massacre with the
film battle royale
this is also the last video where you
can enter the 10 000 subscriber giveaway
so be sure to check out the rules of
entry at the end
let's get to it we open on some written
exposition about the battle royale act
something we'll come back to several
times but without much more explanation
provided
basically due to a fear of the weakening
of younger generations
random classes of nerdy wills are
entered into a fight to the death
ensuring that only the cream of the
youthful crop
rises to the top we then catch up with
how things started for our protagonist
shua
his father hung himself nearby an
encouraging scroll letting shua know
that he can do better this results in
him taking residence at a boarding
school where the kids are
wild and out refusing to attend their
classes and slashing their teachers
buttocks in the hallway
because all they really want to do is
shoot some hoops as the kids say and on
this positive note the compulsory
education of the class b students comes
to an end
they playfully take a bus ride on their
final school trip where nuriku offers up
her cookies to her crush shua and his
bestie nobu
and they all relax as the ride seems to
go on into
eternity but shu awakes to discover that
while he fell asleep naturally the rest
of the gang's been gassed and he gets
put out unnaturally for the remainder of
the trip
we learned this to be as effective as
the gas because the students
all begin to wake up at about the same
time in an unfamiliar darkened classroom
they can't ascertain if this is bad
though because they've all been
outfitted with cool new apple collars
but then a welded helicopter touches
down outside and instructor katano is
escorted in confirming the situation
as bad he announces that he's taking
over their class again and introduces
them to two transfer students kiwana and
utaka and then schools them all in the
br act something about which they are
all ignorant
due to the downfall of society of course
amid the mild protestations they learn
there's a new pedagogy being employed
here and it is not student focused
he explains battle royale is a death
match until only one survivor remains
and feeds them a steaming plate of their
own incredulity by revealing the body of
their teacher
who opposed the selection of their class
for the program then
like a true substitute he pops in a
video explaining the remainder of the
rules
they'll be battling on a deserted island
the punishment for whispering is a knife
to the frontal lobe
there are danger zones to steer clear of
and their locations and vitals are
monitored through their collars which
can also explode if their bureaucratic
masters
so choose to continue to drive these
points home he makes an example of nobu
just so no one doubts the reality of
their situation the final rule is that
they don't have a winner after three
days
everyone dies during the q a portion of
the presentation they learn that they
were chosen by random lottery and that
the program is a result of the utes too
freely mocking their elders and being
generally ill prepared for real
life so suck it zoomers they're then
provided survival packs with a random
weapon inside and called to file out one
by one yeshua heads out with the
intention of waiting for nuriku but then
a classmate stumbles out who initially
appears to have had some trouble getting
her bow loaded then we actually learned
that some turd is camping the spawn
point
luckily they managed to slip away as
their classmates get acclimated to the
new violence
after finding some cover they learned
they drew short straws only armed with a
pot lid and a pair of binoculars we find
out via flashback that based on noriko's
typical school experience
she's not particularly trusting of her
other classmates and with nobu dead this
leaves them to go duos and hope they
live long enough to figure out a way out
of this
elsewhere on the island we find a
coalition of students who have taken to
questioning utaka under the assumption
that he must be some sort of double
agent
but despite their guns they still
approach it as though it may just be a
game yutaka corrects them on this error
by acquiring the uzi and mowing them all
down so they can spend their last few
moments of life comforted in the
assurance of their new knowledge
we then find another young duo making
their way to the water's edge as cracks
of gunfire ring out across the island
they're not deluded about the reality of
the situation and determined to keep
their hands clean they take a lover's
leap off the cliff face
elsewhere in a shack mitsuko announces
herself to megumi she checks out her
stash to see what she's got
we learn that she as well has accepted
the reality of the situation
however determined not to die like a
lamb she chooses a different path
bright and early the next day kitano's
voice blares through the loudspeakers
and he shares an accounting of those who
died the prior day as well as
identifying the danger zones for the
next few hours
unfortunately while heading for safer
ground they're attacked by hokie
luckily he only has a small melee weapon
and in the course of the scuffle falls
victim to a self-inflicted wound
allowing shu's virgin conscience to
remain white as the driven snow but the
sounds of the struggle start drawing out
the gun boys who are looking for target
practice
however kiwada seeing they pose no
threat with their pathetic weapons shows
them mercy they're also distracted by a
more pressing issue a duo of young
ladies with good intentions are calling
out from a nearby hilltop requesting a
truce and inviting everyone with an
earshot to congregate so they can try to
figure things out quad insists they keep
low and stay away from the negative
attention they're
likely to attract and sure enough they
are soon gunned down at close range and
in full view of their peers
water then provides a nugget of wisdom
suggesting they either kill themselves
now or continue on without trusting
anyone they come across
and then bids them good day before they
know it it's lunch time at which point
the command post takes to calling out
the upcoming danger zones for them to
mark on their maps
back at the kill shack we discover that
hirono has been keeping an eye out for
mitsuko's return
she found megumi killed by a blade and
suspects mitsuko's involvement
with that suspicion and for the prior
crime of stealing her man
hirono's feeling fairly confident
serving up some justified revenge but
mitsuko possums up before zapping away
the gun and turning it on its prior
owner coming out as the victor of the
altercation
back at the water's edge noriko's just
too famished to continue on so shua
carries her to the nearby clinic that's
marked on the map
when they arrive the outlook isn't
promising but they soon discover the
clinic is actually manned by their
personal savior who happens to be a
talented field medic and also once had a
job as a short order cook
elsewhere a group of boys lug a
generator up some stairs where they
intend to set up a command post of their
own
these fellows are hoping to find an
alternate way off the island and are
still optimistic about the possibility
of meeting up with other friends to form
a coalition
then one of the tech boys discovers a
mic in the necklaces so he types out
instructions to his bros to go retrieve
a variety of chemical ingredients for
him we then take a brief detour to catch
up with chagusa who's confronted by a
young lad who chose to demonstrate his
amorous feelings for her by spreading
nasty rumors as an expression of his
love
now with death on their doorstep he
offers to assist her in experiencing
carnal lust so she doesn't have to die
as a virgin
but after even the briefest of
hesitation he also then offers to help
her die quickly
and in dick and about accidentally
misfires scarring her face
as punishment she chases him down and
stabs him repeatedly in his sack before
being chased off by mitsuko she runs
into hiroki who she warns about mitsuko
before passing away
back at the clinic their host reveals
that he was the winner of the game three
years back and had found himself in a
similar situation where he spent the
whole game protecting his young lover
only to be forced to gun her down to
prevent being murdered at the end
he was drugged and inserted into their
game as a ringer presumably to keep
things rolling but he claims to know a
way off the island and vows to let them
know about the secret when the time
comes
as they duck for cover due to gunfire we
learn the other transfer student is also
a ringer but one who's signed up just
for the fun of it and he does seem to be
enjoying gunning down students
although this one was gifted a
bulletproof vest and unfortunately this
fact is discovered when he fails to be
humble about it they select a rendezvous
point in case they get split up and are
flushed from their clinic stronghold by
a grenade and some oozy spray
shu tries to draw him off down the beach
but discovers that yutaka has already
outfitted himself with the vest
luckily he gets a last-second assist
from hiroki who follows him into the
surf
meanwhile the boys return having raided
the island's fertilizer and fuel depot
we discover they're armed with a version
of the anarchist cookbook
except this one appears to be useful and
they all agree to make a pact to take
this all the way or split up now
joe wakes up freshly bandaged inside an
old lighthouse where another small
outpost of students has been hiding we
learned through a brief flashback that
hiroki dragged him cakes right in before
leaving
he's then filled in on the fate of the
students from the morning announcement
kawada and noriku are still alive
somewhere but mitsuko's been working
hard all night
shua wants them all to go to kiwanis so
they can join the escape but he himself
is barely able to walk
downstairs yuko having seen the incident
with okie is having some trust issues
and is pondering whether or not to
poison his recovery lunch
she decides to go for it while the
others try to keep their spirits up
under the realization that if they
continue to do nothing
they're all going to die soon as they
discuss the plan to meet with kawada
yuka performs a quick taste test and
ends up
literally puking her guts out the gang's
bubbly cheer we learned was a delicate
facade as it quickly devolves into a
bloody game of among us where the ladies
try to ascertain who's us
through violent aggression in the end
guilty yuka is left as the sole survivor
racked with the weight of this guilt she
runs up to the top of the lighthouse and
throws herself off
with lunch now over shu is left to find
his way to the rendezvous point alone
checking in on that end we find his two
besties getting some rest near an
idyllic little hut when noriku wakes up
she laments the loss of her normal life
before running off into the woods to
find shua well bye
kawada warns that they're on a highway
to the danger zone and she runs across
mitsuko who runs off when kitano arrives
then shuba shows up
and it's raining it's all very confusing
katano offers his umbrella and walks off
shu comes to and confirms that he
brought a bunch of weapons to offset his
general uselessness and they have a
touching moment
elsewhere sugimura calls out for
korohiki who pops up to gun him down
he confides that he thought she was
kinda cute and that's why he was looking
for her so she begins to grow despondent
about what she's done but mitsuko
arrives and doesn't let her suffer long
unfortunately this is where mitsuko
crosses paths with yutaka
despite all of her success and
accomplishments they have a bit of a
back and forth in which she performs
admirably but ultimately succumbs to her
injuries
after listening to the fruits of their
productive day they opt to head west to
see if they can meet up with mimura who
at that moment is working with the boys
on mixing cooking
measuring and guy stuff you know they
finish up right as memoria gets into the
main system sending the command post
into a panic the katano casually flips
the main switch to force a restart but
this was according to plan
of course and they assume they have
about 15 minutes now to blow the school
a nearby noise draws one of them out to
joyfully greet who he assumes to be
shua for some reason and it ends up
being yutaka a protracted gunfight
erupts in which
facing a certain death mimora instead
opts to engage the explosives on the car
our trio then arrives and witnesses
yutaka emerged from the flames
he's now blind but kawada doesn't
realize this until after making a noise
resulting in him taking a few shots
before negating the body armor
they then head to the exit point where
kawada teaches them their final lesson
which was really the first lesson
trust no one turns out he just wanted to
ensure they were the final three before
turning on them and securing the win
the command post here's the final shots
over their mic system and catano calls
the game while the system's down
instructing the soldiers not to do a
visual confirmation of the corpses
then with no fanfare whatsoever everyone
files out except for katano
he's feeling a bit blue now that it's
all over because he has no one to go
home to
so instead he hangs back to do some of
his morning calisthenics
flaunting his athletic abilities right
in our faces as these survivors emerge
we learned this was a double double
cross but with an extra surprise because
catano admits via the revelation of his
art therapy that he came here for one
reason only
and that's to die with noriko he
encourages her to taste the
deliciousness of cold-blooded murder but
zhua steps up to take one for the team
with lessons well learned we're now
looking at three well-adjusted adults
ready to go take on the world
except kawata he ends up expiring from
his wounds on the back of the ship
and then also when they reach the
mainland our lovebirds are wanted for
murder
forcing them to live the remainder of
their lives in hats
but in hats together i just want to give
a huge thank you to everyone who watches
and enjoys my videos for 10
000 subscribers this will be the last
video where you can enter the giveaway
for a chance to win one of five slash
forward hoodies all you have to do to
enter is like the video and then comment
with your guess as to what movies are
featured in my original intro
[Music]
oh
after collecting the final entrance i'll
be doing a drawing and announcing the
winners in my march 23rd video i'd also
like to give a huge thanks to my donors
memorialized in the hall of head shots
[Music]
battle royale was a tough movie to do it
really hops around a lot to try to flesh
out all the many characters which it
does a good job of it keeps the story
clipping along and while we don't get a
great idea of the reasoning behind why
all of this is going on
it inserts enough comedic elements to
indicate there is satire involved here
and this is likely an intentional choice
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching